welcome my name is for fear and now I'm
going to talk about inside out Riley is
born in a small town in Minnesota within
her minds headquarters five four
sonification zuv her basic emotions joy
sadness fear disgust and anger come to
life and influence her ways of doing
things by her control console as she
grows up her experiences become memories
stored in colored orbs
which are spent into long-term memory
each night her five most important core
memories are housed in a hub each powers
an aspect of her personality which takes
the form of floating islands joy acts as
a de-facto leader and since she and the
other emotions do not understand sadness
this purpose she tries to keep sadness
away from the console at the age of
eleven Riley's parents move the family
to San Francisco for her father's new
job Riley's first experiences are not
good the new house is cramped and old
the local pizza parlor only serves
broccoli as a topping her father is
under stress from his job and due to a
mix-up the moving band with their
belongings gets lost and won't arrive
for weeks
when sadness begins touching Riley's
happy memories turning them sad joy
tries to garden by isolating her on
Riley's first day at her new school
sadness causes Riley to cry in front of
her class creating Riley's first sad
core memory joy tries to dispose of it
but accidentally knocks the other core
memories loose during a struggle with
sadness deactivating the personality
islands joy sadness and the core
memories are sucked out of headquarters
and sent to long-term memory storage
in Joy's absence anger fear and disgust
a left in control with disastrous
results distancing Riley from her
parents friends and hobbies as a result
her personality islands gradually
crumble and fall into the memory dump
where memories are forgotten
finally anger inserts an idea into the
console prompting Riley to run away to
Minnesota believing it will restore her
happiness while navigating through the
vast maze like long-term memory area joy
and sadness encounter bing-bong Riley's
childhood imaginary friend who suggests
riding the train of thought back to
headquarters
their route to the train station is
fraught with close calls and mishaps as
more personality islands crumble the
three eventually catch the train but it
halts when Riley falls asleep then
derails entirely when honesty island
collapses with Riley's theft of her
mother's credit card
in desperation joy abandoned sadness and
tries to write a recall tube back to
headquarters but the ground below the
tube collapses breaking it and plunging
joy and bing-bong into the memory dump
joy begins to lose hope and breaks into
tears but then discovers a sad memory
that turned happy when Riley's parents
and friends comforted her
joy finally understands sadness his
purpose to induce empathy in others
prompting them to reach out to Riley
when she is emotionally overwhelmed and
needs help by preventing Riley from
feeling sad joy was also keeping her
from feeling happiness joy and bing-bong
tried to use Bing bongs old wagon rocket
to escape the memory dump but are unable
to fly high enough as the wagon is too
heavy with both of them in it on their
final attempt Bing bong jumps out to
allow joy to escape then fades away joy
reunites with sadness and manages to
return to headquarters only to discover
that angers idea has disabled the
console rendering Riley apathetic to the
surprise of the others joy hands control
of the console to sadness who is able to
reactivate it and prompt Riley to return
home as sadness reinstalls the core
memories
Riley arrives home to her parents and
tearfully confesses that she misses
Minnesota and her old life her parent
comfort her and admit they also miss
Minnesota joy and sadness worked the
console together creating a new core
memory a new Island forms representing
Riley's acceptance of her new life in
San Francisco a year later
Riley has adapted to her new home made
new friends and returned to her old
hobbies while acquiring a few new ones
inside headquarters her emotions admire
Riley's new personality islands and all
work together on a newly expanded
console with room for them all thank you
all for watching don't forget to
subscribe and hit the bell notification
for more of these videos
[Music]